HERO SPOTLIGHTS

FURY
Intro
=====

Hey everyone, and welcome to the Dusk Hero Spotlight for Fury, the Deathbeast.

Fury is a powerful manfighting Agility carry capable of outputting nearly unfathomable amounts of Physical damage over varying periods.  While he lacks a good BAT and his stat gain is somewhat weak, he makes up for it with his extremely one on one focused skillset.

Let's go through his abilities:

[Terashock title card and ability description]

Terashock is a powerful Magical damage AoE nuke on a low cooldown.  This ability's slow will prevent faster enemies from kiting you, and it can be used to finish off, or severely damage, groups of enemies.

[Rend]

Rend is Fury's most important ability.  This will gradually increase his attack speed and damage against a target as he hits them, exponentially increasing his DPS.  The damage is bonus damage, and not a separate instance.

[Bloodsport]

Recently reworked, Bloodsport is now a powerful chance-based critical strike that deals a small amount of bonus damage immediately, then stackable Physical damage over time.  It also slows by a small amount, making it invaluable against a fast opponent.  This skill rounds out his damage output and makes it harder for enemies to get away from an engagement.

[Rampage]

Fury's ultimate lives up to his name; with a roar, he becomes an angry bear, gaining bonus damage and movespeed based on his missing health, and lowering his BAT.  That's not all however; if he's killed while his Ult is being used, he'll enter a second phase, called Berserk, which will grant him even more bonus damage and lower his BAT further, before he eventually succumbs to his wounds and dies.

Attack speed and positioning items are a must on this Hero.  One of his weaknesses is his inability to reliably chase enemies; Blink Dagger is an excellent pick up.  Sange and Yasha offers everything he needs; movespeed, damage, Agility and attack speed.  Lategame, Butterfly is a good pick-up, and Heart can round out his otherwise mediocre health pool.

As for his Exalted item, a Thunderbolt is usually the best choice, built up from Mjollnir, as this grants him insane attack speed and the active allows him to catch up with enemies that are trying to run away.  Demonfire offers ridiculous lifesteal and should be grabbed if you're having trouble staying alive during fights.

No other carry can go toe to toe with Fury on his own terms.  Should you face him, be prepared to run away, buy evasion items or disarm him, and make sure you have some reliable disables.  And whatever you do...  DON'T KILL HIM WHEN HE ULTS!