inb4
P5 announced for Wii U
dual release with LoZ Wii U
gg wp
Wii U sales suddenly skyrocket
HAHHSDJK
Nintendo becomes megacorpoation
and the world ends
buys Google
uses their new AI machines to fill every home with breakable pots and vases filled with Rupees
against the law to not run around in a green tunic and tight pants yelling about the triforce and breaking things
leader of Nintendo becomes evil
steals the blueprints for the real triforce
and yelling" hyaaaAAH"
which is the Nintendo NX console
WHAT TOUF CK
one hero rises above them all
it u
first female zelda protagonist
name: linkina
goes on an epic quest that involves encountering thousands of people pretending to be Link and scared to not in case the Sentinels take them away forever
SJDML bye
finally reaches the endboss
it's Reggie
he has completed the blueprints
the NX console is ready
his body
is also ready
he floats up and draws his weapon
a Wiimote with the Wii Motion Plus attached
HDUJEFK STOP!!
and a copy of Just Dance 4
the very sight causes you to recoil
but you hold fast
your fear subsides as you raise your own weapon
it glows brightly in the light of the rising sun
a forgotten relic
Nintendoland
HFJKD
a reminder of a long lost past
Almost 3! but 2
Reggie falters for a moment, his face indeterminate
but then he regains his sense of righteousness
"THIS IS FOR THE GOOD OF EVERYONE, LINKINA!"
he screams in indignation
"DON'T YOU SEE?"
"NINTENDO HAS ENSLAVED US ALL!  I INTEND TO USE THIS POWER TO RELEASE US!"
you shake your head, for you know that this is what the NX wants
a realisation dawns upon you that the NX was the culprit all along
THIS IS VERY EXTREME
its AI was too strong
it convinced Reggie to become the harbinger of a new world
you defeat him
as he lays there, wheezing, he lets out a final breath, before succumbing to death
in that final breath, he utters a phrase that chills your soul
"the NX console...  it's...  it's alive"
HDJK
you see it before you, a mass of wires and cables, gnashing, white, plastic teeth
a glowing blue strip
and a choking hazard warning
I NJDFKV
I NED TO SLEEP
sTOpvl.
"LINKINA!  YOU CANNOT DEFEAT ME!  I AM THE DARKNESS!  I AM THE LIGHT!  I AM THE NX GENERATION"
you try as you might, but it is to no avail
every blow is parried, blocked, countered, dismally shrugged off
it looks as though your journey has come to its end
but as you close your eyes, its tendril outstretched, ready to strike the final blow
you hear a familiar voice
the voice fills you with determination
"u-wee at...  nintendoh.  untiruu now..."
the ghost of Satoru Iwata stands before the demonic beast
a confident grin on his face
you cry tears in the shape of little 3DSes
he turns to face you as the creature screams in agony
and with a smile, he says
THAT IS NOT POSSIBLE WHO CRIES 3DS'S
"have not defeated the evil, we hope you enjoy this new turailer"
"thank you"
BYE
his words echo in your head, and you repeat them as the creature disintegrates
"thank you"
fin.